GENERAL RULES AND A QUICK DESIGN SKETCH

In Craps people throw two dice and in the simple version can make to different bets: Pass or Don't Pass.


PASS RULES

If the first roll is 7 or 11, the bet wins.
If the first roll is 2, 3 or 12, the bet loses (known as "crapping out").
If the roll is any other value, it establishes a point. Point value is the number rolled. This is not 
a points system. You do not calculate points. It is just a point with value of the first throw. Subsequently
you try to roll either a 7 or the value of the point. You reroll until a 7 or the point value. Point value
DOES NOT change after the first throw.
If, with a point established, that point is rolled again before a 7, the bet wins.
If, with a point established, a 7 is rolled before the point is rolled again ("seven out"), the bet loses.

The pass line bet pays even money. 


DON'T PASS RULES

If the first roll is 2 or 3, the bet wins.
If the first roll is 7 or 11, the bet loses.
If the come-out roll is 12, you get your money back
If the roll is any other value, it establishes a point.
If, with a point established, a 7 is rolled before the point is rolled again ("seven out"), the bet wins.
If, with a point established, that point is rolled again before a 7, the bet loses.

Bet cannot be changed before win or lose however long the game takes. You need to save the value of the first throw (if neither win or lose) for the point to be compared with subsequent
throws. 


***QUICK DESIGN SKETCH****

STARTSCREEN
	html
		Text explanations...
		2 inputs (name and betting mode)
		submit button which routes to gamescreen

	component
		starts the game and collects the results of the game
		shows them on the screen after playing

GAMESCREEN
	html
		Shows informative texts for the player
		Button for rolling the die


	component
		calls roll()
		passes the gameResults from the GameMechanics to the statustext
		navigates back to startscreen after game has finished

GAME MECHANICS
	service
		Has the gaming logic.
		2 different functions for different betting modes (playPass() and playDontPass)
		Returns the game result for who ever is using the service.


CRAPS:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Craps